[Security Solution] Update prebuilt rule upgrade and import test plans to reflect licensing changes (#216003)
elastic/kibana: x-pack/solutions/security/plugins/security_solution/docs/testing/test_plans/detection_response/prebuilt_rules/prebuilt_rule_upgrade_without_preview.md

And clicks on upgrade button for this rule
Then success message should be displayed after upgrade
And the upgraded prebuilt rule should be removed from the table
And all customizable rule fields should be equal to the target version

<customization_state> = customized | not customized
```

#### **Scenario: Multiple selected rules are upgraded to target versions when license is insufficient**

**Automation**: 1 e2e test with a mock rule.

```Gherkin
Given a Kibana instance running under an insufficient license
And multiple outdated prebuilt rules (new versions are available for them)
When user is on the Rule Updates table
And selects multiple rules
And clicks a button to upgrade selected rules
Then success message should be displayed after upgrade
And all customizable fields of each upgraded rule should be equal to their respective target versions
```

#### **Scenario: All rules are upgraded to target versions when license is insufficient**

**Automation**: 1 e2e test with a mock rule.

```Gherkin
Given a Kibana instance running under an insufficient license
And multiple outdated prebuilt rules (new versions are available for them)
When user is on the Rule Updates table

> And upgrades all rules at once using "Upgrade all" button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And upgrades all prebuilt rules at once using "Upgrade all" button
```

Then success message should be displayed after upgrade

> And all customizable fields of each upgraded rule should be equal to their respective target versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And all prebuilt rules upgraded to the corresponding target versions
```

> ```

Reviewer: All these 3 scenarios are the same with the exception what button the user clicked. It should be simpler to describe one scenario and elaborate the differences via `Examples`.

When user is on the Rule Updates table
Then user should NOT see UI elements to filter rules by customization state (Modified/Unmodified)
```

#### **Scenario: User can NOT see whether a rule has conflicts in upgrade table when license is insufficient**

**Automation**: 1 e2e test with 2 mock rules.

```Gherkin
Given a Kibana instance running under an insufficient license
And an installed prebuilt rule
And this rule is outdated (a new version is available for this rule)
And this rule has a <conflict_type> conflict
When user is on the Rule Updates table
Then user should NOT see any information about conflicts in the upgrade table

Examples:
<conflict_type> = solvable | non-solvable
```

#### **Scenario: User is NOT forced to review rule changes before upgrading when license is insufficient**

**Automation**: 1 e2e test with 2 mock rules.

```Gherkin
Given a Kibana instance running under an insufficient license
And an installed prebuilt rule
And this rule is outdated (a new version is available for this rule)
And this rule has a <conflict_type> conflict
When user is on the Rule Updates table
Then user should see an upgrade action available for this rule

> And user should be able to upgrade this rule without reviewing the changes

Reviewer: It's interesting that we don't display any warnings in case of customized prebuilt rules. In a similar scenario for Prebuilt Rule Upgrade Flyout we display a warning message.

Examples:
<conflict_type> = solvable | non-solvable
```

> #### **Scenario: User can specify TARGET version when upgrading ALL rules via API on insufficient license**

Reviewer: Should we move explicit API test scenarios into a separate section?

Author: We could, but this one is focusing on the "insufficient license" aspect of it, so I put it under licensing. Do you think we need to move these into the API section?

Reviewer: It could be a subsection under Licensing

**Automation**: 1 API integration test.

```Gherkin
Given a Kibana instance running under an insufficient license
And at least one installed and outdated prebuilt rule
When user makes an API request to upgrade specific outdated rules
And all rules in request body contain a pick_version parameter with value = TARGET
Then the endpoint should return a 200 status code
And all customizable fields of each upgraded rule should be equal to their respective target versions
```

#### **Scenario: User can NOT specify versions other than TARGET when upgrading SPECIFIC rules via API on insufficient license**

**Automation**: an API integration test for each pick_version parameter value.

```Gherkin
Given a Kibana instance running under an insufficient license
And at least one installed and outdated prebuilt rule
When user makes an API request to upgrade specific outdated rules
And at least one rule in request body contains a pick_version parameter with value other than TARGET
Then the endpoint should return a 400 status code
And the response should contain an error message that user can only upgrade to the TARGET version

Examples:
<pick_version> = BASE | CURRENT | MERGED
```

> #### **Scenario: User can NOT specify field values when upgrading SPECIFIC rules via API on insufficient license**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### **Scenario: User can NOT specify resolved field values when upgrading SPECIFIC rules via API on insufficient license**
```

**Automation**: 1 API integration test.

```Gherkin
Given a Kibana instance running under an insufficient license
And at least one installed and outdated prebuilt rule
When user makes an API request to upgrade specific outdated rules

> And at least one rule in request body specifies a field value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And at least one rule in the request body specifies a resolved field value
```
